Hello every person type or thing, so much has happened this past month, that it legitmately feels like 3 months have passed. Anyways, here is the progress on Phantom Keys. The big thing is that battles actually work now! You can attack enemies, see health, die, kill and thats basically it. There are no animations or show of the enemy's health besides inspecting their health when you press the back button on the main battle menu. There are a whole bunch of small things that we did too. For example, we changed the font and UI from the game to this, to THIS. The UI art and font change choice was done by our lovely artist Tovarish Pedro. The game now runs in fullscreen, and you can resize the screen without fucking the game up. The controls have been centralized so now we can really easily implement keyboard rebinds. 

A little visual bug where the tuba snails would spasm left and right also got patched out, but not without leaving a funny bug where they never turned at all. Also, the tuba snails now can also hide behind pillars and shit, which was a small oversight from the first devlog.

And that is basically it. 

Aight welcome to the bonus part of the video where I talk about my life stuff and how it might affect Phantom Keys. After the next month, my school will start in full force, and this might be very bad for the game. Unlike last semester, where I was in an easy baby community college, Im now in a big boy university and, obviously, the classes will be harder but unlike last semester, I wont be travelling 2 hours to and from the college, so thats a plus. The main issue is that if I spend a large chunk of my free time working on Phantom Keys, it takes away time I could be working on something that could actually help my resume. I did the math, and found that I might only have around 3 hours of time per day for other stuff, which is not a lot if I am being honest. Long story short, I may spend a lot or little time working on Phantom Keys and I don't know which, so stay tuned!